[8.0] docs and test py2 removals (#5754)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/ExternalsSupport/index.rst

OS:
---

> DIRAC *server* installation is possible for all architectures supported by DIRACOS2 releases: https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DIRACOS2/releases.

Reviewer: This isn't the case, Andrei added macOS DIRACOS2 installers which are missing some dependencies that are needed for servers (most notably `tornado`). Non x86_64 installers are also missing htcondor. See the lines with ` # [` comments which filter out packages from some platforms: https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DIRACOS2/blob/main/construct.yaml#L30-L103

(This is relatively easy to fix but it's not a priority)

```suggestion
DIRAC *server* installation supported for most x86_64 Linux installations using `DIRACOS2 <https://github.com/DIRACGrid/DIRACOS2/releases>`_. Other architectures and platforms may work as a server installation however this is on a best effort basis and is not regularly tested.
```

I say most as it will fail on non-glibc based systems like Alpine Linux.

> DIRAC brings its own version of python at installation time, right now 3.9.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DIRACOS includes all dependencies except for glibc, including Python and Grid middleware.
```
